tsfn: implement TypedThreadSafeFunction (#742)
nodejs/node-addon-api: doc/threadsafe.md

is important that `Release()` be the last API call made in conjunction with a
given `Napi::ThreadSafeFunction[Ex]`, because after the call completes, there is
no guarantee that the `Napi::ThreadSafeFunction[Ex]` is still allocated. For the
same reason it is also important that no more use be made of a thread-safe
function after receiving a return value of `napi_closing` in response to a call
to `BlockingCall()` or `NonBlockingCall()`. Data associated with the
`Napi::ThreadSafeFunction[Ex]` can be freed in its `Finalizer` callback which
was passed to `ThreadSafeFunction[Ex]::New()`.

Once the number of threads making use of a `Napi::ThreadSafeFunction[Ex]`
reaches zero, no further threads can start making use of it by calling
`Acquire()`. In fact, all subsequent API calls associated with it, except
`Release()`, will return an error value of `napi_closing`.

## Implementation Differences

The choice between `Napi::ThreadSafeFunction` and `Napi::ThreadSafeFunctionEx`
depends largely on how you plan to execute your native C++ code (the "callback")
on the Node thread.

### [`Napi::ThreadSafeFunction`](threadsafe_function.md)

> This API is designed without N-API 5 native support for [optional JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API is designed without N-API 5 native support for [the optional JavaScript
```

  function callback feature](https://github.com/nodejs/node/commit/53297e66cb).
  `::New` methods that do not have a `Function` parameter will construct a
  _new_, no-op `Function` on the environment to pass to the underlying N-API
  call.

This API has some dynamic functionality, in that:
- The `[Non]BlockingCall()` methods provide a `Napi::Function` parameter as the
  callback to run when processing the data item on the main thread -- the
  `CallJs` callback. Since the callback is a parameter, it can be changed for
  every call.
- Different C++ data types may be passed with each call of `[Non]BlockingCall()`
  to match the specific data type as specified in the `CallJs` callback.

> However, this functionality comes with some **additional overhead** and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this functionality comes with some **additional overhead** and
```

situational **memory leaks**:

> - The API acts as a "middle-man" between the underlying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API acts as a "broker" between the underlying
```

more gender-neutral, perhaps?

  `napi_threadsafe_function`, and dynamically constructs a wrapper for your
  callback on the heap for every call to `[Non]BlockingCall()`.

> - In acting in this "middle-man" fashion, the API will call the underlying "make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In acting in this "broker" fashion, the API will call the underlying "make
```

  there are still items on the queue), **the callback passed to
  [Non]BlockingCall will not execute**. This means it is impossible to perform
  clean-up for calls that never execute their `CallJs` callback. **This may lead
  to memory leaks** if you are dynamically allocating memory.
- The `CallJs` does not receive the thread-safe function's context as a
  parameter. In order for the callback to access the context, it must have a
  reference to either (1) the context directly, or (2) the thread-safe function
  to call `GetContext()`. Furthermore, the `GetContext()` method is not
  _type-safe_, as the method returns an object that can be "any-casted", instead
  of having a static type.

### [`Napi::ThreadSafeFunctionEx`](threadsafe_function_ex.md)

The `ThreadSafeFunctionEx` class is a new implementation to address the
drawbacks listed above. The API is designed with N-API 5's support of an
optional function callback. The API will correctly allow developers to pass
`std::nullptr` instead of a `const Function&` for the callback function
specified in `::New`. It also provides helper APIs to _target_ N-API 4 and

> construct a no-op `Function` **or** to target N-API 5 and "construct" an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
construct a no-op `Function` **or** to target N-API 5 and "construct" a
```

`std::nullptr` callback. This allows a single codebase to use the same APIs,
with just a switch of the `NAPI_VERSION` compile-time constant.

> The removal of the dynamic call functionality has the additional side effects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The removal of the dynamic call functionality has the following implications:
```

> - The API does _not_ act as a "broker" compared to the non-`Ex`. Once Node.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API does _not_ act as a "broker" compared to `Napi::ThreadSafeFunction`. Once Node.js
```

> - The API does _not_ act as a "middle-man" compared to the non-`Ex`. Once Node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API does _not_ act as a "broker" compared to the non-`Ex`. Once Node.js
```

  finalizes the thread-safe function, the `CallJs` callback will execute with an

>   empty `Napi::Env` for any remaining items on the queue. This provides the the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  empty `Napi::Env` for any remaining items on the queue. This provides the
```

>   ability to handle any necessary clean up of the item's data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ability to handle any necessary cleanup of the item's data.
```
